well we continue once we did
everything next our cell phone
restart
as we will see the tourist
we unlock cellular ring today
the author will appear what was started
principle and that was configurations
again
you already know what the
next next
until the configuration is complete
phoenix
is again registering
is that we celebrate the burladero what
we open the phone
it has to be reconfigured
I therefore always let you see the
open future
because everything and know more meetings
official
and again we have to go to the sect
what is configuration to configure
our language
and everything we always have to
set up
every time we install things
in Spanish
behind
we are again options of
development we choose healing
iniesta
We can not make modifications to
our computer cell phones
then we go back to safety
we will discover unknown sources
we will accept
While
her all this the next step will be
and like our cell phone and install
recovery
for the moment we are going to install the
record
already with our flea from the open
we are going to
is going to be a moment this video here for
continue with the next